in this video,
we'll look at validated XML data as you import it into an Excel worksheet.
So 03 Exelon XML.
It's now going to number four,
validating XML data.
Let's begin by opening the scheme a document that will be working with courses,
not XSD.
So here you'll probably recognize the three levels which an XML document needs to have in
order to be successfully imported into Microsoft Excel.
First of all,
we have courses,
which is the root element.
Then we have the repeated element course,
and inside that we have the child elements,
which will correspond to the columns within an XML table in Microsoft Excel and these child
elements the specified to be a sequence.
This means that they must occur in the specified order,
and in this case,
very importantly,
they can only occur once.
None of them has Mexico's on bounded or anything which detracts from the default of me
knickers once and Max occurs.
Once you know the words,
they must occur once and only once,
so to test excels powers of validation.
Let's just open up the XML file and break the rules slightly.
Let's say that one of the tubes that e mails is missing.
If we simply leave to you to email intact and then delete the email for that tutor,
we haven't broken any rules because the element to to email still exists.
But if for some reason the system that generates the XML completely removes Tuesday email
for that record that we have now broken the rules,
we've broken the sequence that specified in the scheme a document.
So let's save out changes and so that we don't love the file.
It's also closed most the scheme and documents on the XML file.
Now let's go into excel so we'll open courses that XLs X and then import.
The file to do is we go across the developer and click on Import.
We're in the right folder,
30 days in XML data,
and it's double click on the XML file.
In order to ensure that Excel value dates using the XML Schema document,
we now need to click on properties and activate the track box,
validate data against schema.
And now when we click OK and OK again as we anticipated,
we get an error,
failed scheme,
validation,
and when we click on details,
Excel explains exactly what it doesn't like on the two most useful pieces of information
it's supplying are the reason element to to day rate is unexpected.
So in other words,
it's sane in record one,
we're going straight from tutto last name to to to day rate to to email.
Is there four missing,
which is also confirmed in the expecting attributes.
What you to email is specified is being the missing element.
We've engineered this era,
but hopefully this demonstrates that Excel will pick up errors if you ask it to validate
using a schemer document.
So whenever possible,
If you're working with a client who supply an XML,
you should ask them to also supply a schemer document which you can use to validate the XML
.